Mom, you are not in good health
Can't stand the cold
Go back quickly.
I caught a cold myself
In a word, it is weak from the small intestine
I had hydrops when I was a kid.
You can't eat in a hotel like this
I just saw it
Stomach probably hurts again
The whole family didn't take care of the rest at all
Identity over the years
Friends, you must be late without a fine.
When I think of the hardships he has suffered all these years
Still treated like that by us
In my heart
I'm really an incompetent mother
Mom, don't blame yourself
It's all my fault, I lost my life
Go back and rest
No, compared to the suffering between life and life
What is this?
I just want him to have a bite
I'm worth even one bite